My life would suck without you.
Today is all about you.
Wishing you a day that's as special and awesome as you are!
Happy birthday! I love you a whole lot.
Life is more fun with you by my side.
Happy birthday to my totally amazing, irreplaceable bestie.
I may not be there in person, but I'm still wishing you the happiest birthday!
Here's to another trip around the sun. Happy birthday!
Wishing you 24 hours of celebration, though you deserve even more.
Let's make this year's birthday one for the record books.
I can't wait to celebrate you all day long!
Happy birthday to my friend who's forever young at heart.
Birthdays are the world's way of telling us to eat more cake.
I'm so happy that I get to be a part of your life.
Every birthday is a gift in itself.
Birthdays give us the chance for a fresh start.
There's no one quite like you. Happy birthday!
Partners may come and go, but best friends are forever. Happy birthday to my best friend.
Everyday with you is a party, so today, we've gotta absolutely rage.
Happy birthday to my best friend who brings out the best in me.
I hope your birthday is chill and peaceful, just like you.
Happy birthday to someone who’s beautiful inside and out.
Wishing my bestie the absolute best today.
My birthday wish for you is that your hangover tomorrow isn't too bad.
Wishing you a day that brings the same kind of happiness and joy that you bring to me!
Happy birthday! May the drinks be free-flowing and may a hottie find you at the bar tonight!
You deserve the world, I hope you feel so loved and happy on your special day this year.
Every year is a new opportunity to grow into an even better version of yourself. I can't wait to keep watching you shine!
Here’s to many more bucket-list trips this year!
Happy birthday to a true treasure of a friend.
When we first met, I immediately knew we’d be best friends. Happy birthday to my bestie!
I count our friendship among my life’s greatest blessings. Happy birthday to someone very special.
Your existence makes me believe in soulmates. Happy, happy birthday to my platonic soulmate.
Happy birthday, boo. You're like if sunshine had legs.
Happy birthday to the only person who can make me laugh when I actually want to cry. Love you a whole lot.
Friends are truly the family you choose, and I’m glad we chose each other.
One of the best parts of life is friendship. Thanks for being my bestie.
I love that we can always pick up right where we left off. Happy birthday to a lifelong friend!
Thanks for always answering my call, even when it’s the middle of the night because I forgot what time zones are.
My birthday wish for you is that the next year is the best one yet!
Work would be so boring without you! So happy that [company] brought us to each other.
We may have started out as work wives, but I know we'll be best friends 'til the end. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to someone who makes the world a better, brighter place.
Cheers to many more years of celebrating your birthday together.
Happy birthday! I hope your day is as amazing and special as you are.
Sending you so much love for your birthday.
I'm so happy that the universe brought us together and we became best friends. Happy birthday!
On this day, a very special person came into the world, and I am beyond grateful.
Best friends are the family you get to choose, and I'm so glad we chose each other. Happy birthday, beautiful.
Happy birthday! Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy.
Sending you a birthday wish wrapped with all my love.
I hope you know how much you're loved, today and every day. Happy birthday!
You've grown so much in the last year, and I'm so proud of you. Here's to many more years of growing together.
You live your life in a way that makes every day worth celebrating. Happy birthday, gorgeous!
I'm so proud you're building a beautiful, meaningful life for yourself. Take time to enjoy it, today and every day.
It's not about the years in your life, but the life in your years. Happy birthday!
I hope you see yourself the way I see you: amazing, incredible, kind, smart, compassionate, funny, and wonderful.
Your birthday is the first day in a new 365-day journey. Let's treasure every moment!
You have been so strong and so resilient in the face of a difficult year. Here's to better days ahead.
I'm so happy that we got to grow up together. Happy birthday to my bestie since day one/preschool/middle school/etc.
Happy birthday to the girl who always has my back and is always there to pick me up when times get tough.
No one gets me like you do. Happy birthday to my best friend.
Happy birthday to someone who makes things brighter everywhere you go.
There’s pretty much nothing I wouldn’t do for you, and I know you feel the same. Happy birthday!!
You’re someone I know I can always count on, and I hope you feel the same. Happy birthday to an amazing friend.
Happy birthday to someone who’s been there for all the ups and downs. Love you lots.
I’m simply in awe of how one person can be so kind, smart, and funny.
Happy birthday to a friend I know is in it for the long haul.
We may not get into the same type of crazy shenanigans we used to, but I will always have a fun time hanging out with you.
Here’s to another year of joy, fun, and Friday manicure dates.
We may have only become friends a few years ago, but I truly feel like you’re the sister I never had. Happy birthday to my fave person!
When I think about my favorite memories, you’re always a part of them. Let’s make more memories this year!
Happy birthday to my unshakeable, hilarious, tough best friend. I’m happy to have someone like you in my corner.
I honestly don’t have words for how happy I am that we’re in each other’s lives.
You shine even brighter than the candles on your cake!
Today you deserve to be celebrated for all the joy you bring into the world.
Thanks for sharing your impeccable sense of humor and big heart with the rest of us.
Cheers to someone who’s making this corner of the world her very own.
It’s fun to think about how far we’ve come since we first met all those years ago! Happy, happy birthday.
I hope you know that I’m your biggest cheerleader and I’m a shoulder for you to lean on, always.
Happiest birthday. I love you to the moon and back, and then back to the moon again.
I hope this trip around the sun is the most iconic one yet.
The world got a little sweeter [INSERT FRIEND'S AGE] years ago today. I'm so glad you were born! Happy birthday, bestie.
To quote the wise poet 50 Cent, "We gon' party like it's your birthday."
You're not getting older, you're leveling up!
Happy birthday! I hope you’re not looking for a present because my presence is my gift to you.
Remember to smile awkwardly as everyone sings you "Happy Birthday" today!
I think you're supposed to get finer and wiser with age? Well, that's okay, there's always next year!
Birthday candles won't be the only thing getting lit this weekend!
I'm actually just here for the cake.
Best friends are awesome, especially yours. Happy birthday!
I forgive you for being younger than me.
You're another year older, but definitely not any wiser.
Fun fact: Birthdays are good for you! Statistics show that the more you have, the longer you live.
Happy birthday! You're officially old enough to start needing retinol.
I'm so happy that we're going to grow old together, and that you have a head start.
Like a fine wine, you're only getting better with age.
(For a 30th birthday) You're still 20, but with 10 years of experience!
Happy birthday to a dime who's in her prime!
As Drake would say, "YOLO."
I love you even though you're a Gemini. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to the person who is always there to help me draft a risky text.
Happy birthday to the person who taught me everything I know about skincare.
Let's drink champagne and dance on the tables (until they ask us to leave the bar).
To quote Saweetie, "That's my best friend."
Because it's your birthday, I'll share my fries with you.
There is no one I would rather blast Taylor Swift with all day and night. Happy birthday to my favorite Swiftie.
Happy 25th birthday! The teens on TikTok definitely think you're geriatric now.
Happy birthday to someone who loves me even though I take forever to reply to texts.
I was looking up smokeshow in the dictionary today, and your picture was there?? HBD to my favorite hot girl.
Happy birthday to the only person who will be truly honest with me when my outfit is not working.
If you want, we can pretend we’re 21 again and I’ll hold your hair back while you puke tonight!
Happy birthday to a charming, smart, and all-around amazing person. Takes one to know one!
Happy birthday to someone who is always ready to text me about what’s happening with Harry and Meghan.
Let’s be honest, one day isn’t enough of a celebration for someone like you. Enjoy your birthday month!
They say you get wiser and better with age. Is it true? I wouldn’t know, I’m forever 21.
Welcome to the best decade of your life: your dirty 30s!
You’re the Thelma to my Louise (minus the driving a car off a cliff deal, let’s not do that).
Happy birthday to someone who never lets me fall asleep in a full face of makeup after a night out.
I know you’re married now, but can we still have a sleepover after your party tonight??
Happy birthday to the only person I can hang out with for hours without getting annoyed.
[Your pet’s name] says “happy birthday to my favorite aunt / uncle!”
Happy birthday to someone who is always willing to test a new recipe with me — and also willing to order pizza when it doesn’t work out.
Tell your mom I say thanks (for giving birth to you, obvi!).
Your birthday present is the fact that I DM’d Timothee Chalamet to come to your party tonight (without Kylie, ofc).
You’re like the sister / brother I never had…because the one I do have isn’t nearly as great as you.
Happy birthday! As my gift to you I won't serenade you with the Golden Girls theme song rn.
I love you even though you once tried to set me up on a date with your weird coworker.
Happy birthday to the person who wisely talked me out of getting post-breakup bangs. You’re a real friend for that!
You know I love you, because this bottle of wine cost more than $10! But you’re worth it, birthday girl.
Tell you what, because it’s your birthday, tonight’s post-bar pizza slices are on me.
Honestly, I feel bad for everyone else who doesn’t get to have you as a best friend. What a lame life!
HBD to the Ilana to my Abbi. The Nick to my Schmidt. The Issa to my Molly. We can argue about who is who later.
Happy International [insert name here] day. I've put in my PTO and I'm on watch to ensure everyone observes it properly.
Thank you for always listening attentively when I tell you about my work drama. For your birthday, I’ll refrain from complaining about my coworkers for 24 hours!
Here’s what I have to say about your birthday: God help the guardian angels looking out for us tonight!
Happy Birthday! I promise that today I'll only cry a little because of how much I love you.
How do you glow up more with each passing year? It needs to be studied.
Rihanna recorded "Birthday Cake" for you, and you only.
May this year be as satisfying as the cool side of the pillow.
Because it’s your birthday, I’ll let you control the music in my car. Use this privilege wisely!
Your friendship is one of the biggest blessings in my life, and I’m so grateful that God brought us together. Happy birthday to someone truly special!
Wishing you blessings as you take another step in your journey of life.
God really knew what He was doing when he made us friends. Happy birthday to someone I can always count on!
In my prayers this morning, I asked God to give you a big birthday blessing!
May your birthday be filled with happiness, blessings, and plenty of cake!
I feel so blessed that we’re friends. Happy birthday!
Here’s hoping your special day is blessed with all the goodness you put into the world. Happy birthday to the woman with a heart bigger than anyone I know.
I’m praying for all your birthday wishes to come true today! You deserve it.
Your life is a gift from God, and I know I am grateful to Him for all the blessings you bring into this world. Happy birthday!
I pray we’re both blessed with many, many more birthdays to celebrate together.
Happy birthday to my best friend! Here’s hoping your guardian angels are smiling down on you today and every day.
Praying that God blesses you with peace and joy on your birthday - no one deserves it more than you!
Happy birthday! I’m praying that you’re blessed with everything as wonderful as you are as you start this new year of life.
May God shower you with all the blessings you deserve as you celebrate your birthday!
Happy birthday to my very special best friend! May God continue to bless your path this year.